---
title: "Apr 2020"
date: 2020-04-02T15:50:02+01:00
tags: ["deardiary","2020","goals"]
draft: true
---

1. Nothing
2. Naviar Haiku 326 (micro-cassette + Cranes)
3. OP-1 drone
   Selected 19 potential tracks for Disquiet 431
4. Disquiet 431 (tape loop, Cranes, OP-1, Hainbach, Digitakt)
5. Ghost tapes lumen print
6. Lofi resampling howtos (Taetro, Ricky Tinez)
   Transcribed Goodbye to Musescore
   Played with
     - Fantastic Voyage (no purchase)
     - FRMS (no purchase)
     - factormini
7. Hainbach mixing (video)
   Played with factormini
   Played with lofi cello resampling in Live
   Started reading the SoundMagic Spectral manual
   Little F# loop on the OP-1, w/ garden field recording
8. Field recording (garden)
   Explored Otis / Norns
   Naviar Haiku 327 (OP-1, field recording)
9. Field recording (garden)
   London Alternative Photography livestreams
10. Quarantine fern (lumen print)
    Field recording (garden)
11. Punk pinhole experiment (no developer, 2h)
    Recorded Anna's playing, played with creating a reverse delay
    Field recording (garden)
12. Punk pinhole experiment (no developer, 3h) - doesn't work :(
    Field recording (garden)
    Started new piano ditty
13. Toy track with Frex + Compass
14. Had a go at using Garage Band with AUs and its MIDI piano roll.
    Watched first part of First things to know with TouchDesigner.
15. Fooling around with Fates.
    A couple of trial runs for Naviar Haiku 328 (OP-1, Tunnels in D, Mirage, D3/A2 + ~F3/F2).
16. Naviar Haiku 328 (OP-1, Tunnels in D, Mirage, D3/A2)
17. Nothing
18. OP-1 and Tunnels.
    OP-1 and Compass + Tape loop and Count To 5.
    Hainbach on Contrast.
19. less_concepts + MDD__SNAKE (w/ Jasno + Lekko)
20. Nothing
21. Nothing
22. OP-1 / pedals for Naviar Haiku 329 (listening and prep)
23. Field recording (garden)
    OP-1 / Cranes / field recording / pedals for Naviar Haiku 329 (testing)
    Assembled laptop desk
24. Baby steps with the Grid - mlr
25. Recorded Naviar Haiku 329 (field recording, Frex + Compass, mlr)
26. Made cyanotype liquids.
27. Updated Fates.
28. Wrote a script to convert a directory tree of samples to mono.
29. Uploaded BlankFor.ms samples to Fates.
    First steps with cheat codes.
30. More cheat codes foolery (no manual involved).