---
title: "Feb 2020"
date: 2020-02-02T00:36:23Z
tags: ["deardiary", "2020", "goals"]
draft: true
---

1. Drone in three worlds - working on getting the "change world" function ready.
   Figuring out Lua's quirks, and [softcut's operation when it comes to level slew][softcut-slew].
2. More norns and softcut - 2 steps forward, 1 step back, with fading voices
   in and out and loading buffers in the background.
3. Recording a piano performance on the OP-1, then trying to reproduce it with
   a sequencer.
4. Nothing
5. Tidied up the three worlds drone:
     - change world: finally figured out how to pre-load the "next" voice and
       play it properly.
     - evolve world is explore world: move the loop window ("biome") within the
       active voice.
     - volume control
6. Smoke Fairies gig!
7. You were away
     - Re-recorded and mastered B1.
     - Wrote blurb and credits.
8. Digital Handcraft study w/ Jack Armitage at QMUL
   You were away
     - Cover
     - Blog post
     - Bitly
9. Nam June Paik
   Settled on the new project name - Stray wool
10. Released You were away
      - Updated blog
      - Created Instagram and Twitter
      - Posted on Lines and VCV
      - Set up various DNS related things
11. Tried out the Grainstation-C plug-in.
    Thanked people
12. Nothing
13. Uploaded You were away to DistroKid
14. Nothing
15. Pass the track - VCV collab on Omri's Discord
16. Nothing
17. Listened to Tyler Gilmore (BlankFor.ms) playing the piano
    Got the piano books out:
      - You suck at piano (played the Swan Lake intro)
      - The Russian school of piano playing (played 1 - 12)
    Wrote a blog post about my Buy Music Club picks for this week's update
18. Drum patterns
19. Nothing
20. Syntorial
    Played around with Cranes, Cheat codes, and Reels (norns)
21. Noodling with no input Cranes
22. Recorded new track for LCRP Trios (no input Cranes, OP-1, tape)
    Cluster photography @ Ugly Duck
    Eames Fine Prints
    White Cube Gallery
    Hackoustic
23. More fiddling with the three worlds drone, not much success with routing.
24. Nothing
25. Impromptu Chord-Key tutorial
26. Listened to all tracks in I went out...
    Reloaded all mourning tracks in Rack, fixed missing modules - bonus tracks or another release?
    Digitakt granular with LFOs - new pattern with Lela's sample.
27. Nothing
28. Nothing
29. Released A woman from Arizona
      - Bandcamp
      - Distrokid
      - Instagram
      - Lines
      - Rack Community
      - Blog post
    Disquiet Junto 0426 - Cellular Chorale / Patricia Wolf
      - SoundCloud
      - Lines
      - Instagram


[softcut-slew]: https://llllllll.co/t/norns-circle-01-drone-in-three-worlds/28582/16