---
title: "Mar 2020"
date: 2020-03-01T19:05:39Z
tags: ["deardiary","2020","goals"]
draft: true
---

1. Set things up to record Anna playing cello
   Recorded a little session, gave Rx a go to clean up the ambient noise.
   Had a go with all the Rx plugins, definitely need to look at the manual.
2. You suck at piano
     - Ode to joy
     - When the saints go marching in
3. Nothing
4. Digitakt / granular
   Puremagnetik prototypes
     - Echolift
     - Parallel
5. More learning with the Digitakt MIDI LFOs
6. Drone / EchoLift in Live
7. Added Droplets and Jasno to the Live EchoLift toy
8. Digitakt tutorials
   Tape echo tutorials
   Added some dots and echoes to Floats (Digitakt / LFOs)
9. Digitakt tutorials
   Tape tutorials (maintenance)
   More fiddling with Floats (trigs)
10. Piano practice
    Made a couple of cassette loops
    Ambient Online introductory posts
11. Charlemagne Palestine's Strumming Music
    Piano practice (Dvoräk, When the saints go marching in)
12. Nothing
13. Nothing
14. Digitakt MIDI (sequencing the 0-Coast)
    Count to 5
    Started preparing bus samples
15. Finished bus samples
    Track for Disquiet Junto 0428
16. Nothing
17. VCP 51 - Transmission, a looper lunchbox
18. Piano noodling + Mikrokosmos
19. Disquiet 429 - Awake + Lekko + Echolift
20. Panned Disquiet track to the left
    Took photos of cassettes to post to Instagram re Bandcamp no fees day
    Noodling on piano
21. Streaming concerts
      - Scanner
      - Leaving Records (Brinn, Emily S. Prague, Cool Maritime, Kaytlin Aurelia Smith)
22. Naviar Haiku 324 - Field recording + Cranes + Digitakt
23. Nothing
24. Field recording + Naviar Haiku track (Cranes + Digitakt / Blankfor.ms)
25. Nothing
26. Nothing
27. Piano noodling
28. Nothing
29. Disquiet Junto 430 (Sample chopping, Lekko)
30. Sad Piano (Hainbach samples, Digitakt)
    Wrote down a couple of piano noodles
31. Fiddled with Sad Piano on the Digitakt
    Programmed the piano noodle from yesterday in Live / Lekko