---
title: "May 2020"
date: 2020-05-02T13:21:02+01:00
tags: ["deardiary","2020","goals"]
draft: true
---

1. cheat codes walkthrough w/ Dan Derks
   cheat codes "practice"
2. Cabled the Marantz 430.
   Recorded track for Disquiet Junto 0435 (OP-1, cheat codes, Marantz, Mirage).
3. Nothing
4. Recorded track for Naviar Haiku 330 (OP-1, cheat codes, Marantz, Mirage).
5. Nothing
6. Packaged Disquiet 0435 and Naviar 330 into 1|0 - released on Bandcamp
   and DistroKid \o/
   Had a look at Compass and Cranes with Grid.
   Tested watercolour and cartridge paper cyanotypes.
7. Short mlr noodling.
8. mlr practice.
9. mlr practice with kalimba.
   Shot a bunch of polaroids in Hampstead Heath.
10. Scanned and straightened polaroids and cyanotype.
11. Hello Processing tutorial.
    Got in touch with Mansour.
    Looked at grainfields (Max / Grid).
12. Watched Gradient (M4L) tutorial.
    Tried Streamlabs OBS.
    wrms / OP-1 drone for Naviar Haiku 331.
13. Grid tutorial and studies.
    Fixed a few things on the Python and SuperCollider studies.
    Created PR for Grid studies with a few minor fixes.
    Started a Grid plugin for wrms - grms! Made the page selector.
14. Continued work on grms, got the toggles (K2 + K3) on the Grid.
15. Naviar Haiku 332
16. Cheat codes
17. Cheat codes
18. Fretwork
19. Nothing
20. mlr
    Fretwork
21. mlr
    Fretwork
22. Nothing
23. Nothing
24. Nothing
25. Cheat codes / Ed Devane remix project
26. Nothing
27. Updated Organelle to 4.0
28. Installed favourites on Organelle
29. Nothing
30. Made a [pinhole camera](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDm1Mpixjuw)
31. ecologies beta testing